Pupil Remote transmission-delay warning (#484)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/core/developer/network-api.md

'SUB_PORT'  # return the current sub port of the IPC Backbone
```

:::danger Delayed Execution

> Sending a command takes time to be transmitted. In other words, a command is only
> executed in Pupil Capture after some short delay. This is especially important to keep
> in mind for the `T`, `t`, and `R` commands. See our
> [Best Practices](/core/best-practices/#synchronization) regarding time synchronization.
> <br/><br/>Do not rely on the sent time-point of `R` for time sychnronization!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pupil Remote commands can be subject to transmission delay (e.g. from network latency). This is especially important to keep in mind for the `T`, `t`, and `R` commands. 
<br/><br/>We do not recommend using `R` for time synchronization. In addition to transmission delay, not all recording processes are guaranteed to start simultaneously when Pupil Capture receives the command. Please read our [Best Practices](/core/best-practices/#synchronization) for more appropriate methods of time synchronization. 
```
